# personal-web-page
These past three months i have been very busy with boxing due to the fact i was getting ready for a national tournament that i was compeating in. This was my first competation as a man instead of in a youth category which is a major step up for me. This showed growth as it was my first time fighting without a headguard and had me both excited and scared due to the fact I'm more likely to get hurt/cut. in the first fight I had I got hit a headbutt above the eye which cut my face, I didn't even realise at the time as my adrenaline was pumping through me and numbed any pain that I otherwise would've felt. What i failed to realise at the time was my oppenent also cut his head open on my face which led to the fight being stopped due to how deep his cut was. I won this fight which meant I was into the finals the next day but had to get checked out by the doctor in the stadium at the time. He said the cut was bad and I'd need stiches and wasn't going to let me box but he said if I could do something about the cut he'd let me fight so me and my coach came up with the idea to use medical glue to close the cut but we couldn't for the life of us get it anywhere and was looking hopeless. Until our friend who was a doctor in a hospital told us he could get us some which relieved us tremendously. We went and got the glue and had to go to a cutsman who closed the cut using the glue which meant I could box tomomorrow however, I still had to make weight so the second I got home after gluing my face closed I had to do an extremly hot bath to try and sweat out as much water weight as possible but the first one wasn't enoughg so I had to refill the bath and go again. Unfortunaley that still wasn't enough and by this time it was closing in on 1am and being bolicksed after fighting earlier and having to get up at 7am for the weight in decided that the best ciurse of action was to wear a heavy tracksuit and put on a heted blanket in order to sweat as much as humanly possible before I had to get up for the weight in. When I woke up I was .1 over so I decided to do a little sweat session in my living to lose as much before I went in to weight in. After I went to the national stadium in order to weight in awhile went smoothly. finally I went home rehydrated and ate before the fight. I one again but the cut reopened within a minute of the first round which through me off by I recovered well and fought hard to win. 